SoundFitMicro firmware for the Arduino. 

Compiles with Arduino v1.0.5 as of 2014-03-26

Once Asked Questions (not a FAQ, a 1AQ):

Q1.  Do you need more than 1 degree precision in the rotations and/or
elevations that you request?  If yes, will need decimal or other
representation.

A1.  No.  Set the stepping targets based on rounding the requested
number of degrees to the closest single-steppable position.

[ TL; DR: Checked with Ray, we don't need to get better than the step
size of the motors -- we're at 1.8 for the rotation now, and 0.9 for
the next one. So that will still need to be supported.

While it would be nice to have 1 degree of accuracy or better, our
minimum step size is actually more like around 7.5 degrees, at least
for as long as we're using Autodesk to do the modeling. The use of
RRLLUUDD was centered around that idea. But using actual target
degrees lets us slow to a stop, which is the most important thing we
get from microstepping for now.]


Q2.  Is it sufficient to position the motor to the nearest position
that whole-step resolution allows, or do you want to try for a more
precise position with a microstep?  For the large motor, of course,
the 360 possible degrees would map to the only 200 possible steps,
giving a maximum error of 0.8 degrees.

At the cost of larger, possibly slower, and a bit more complicated
code, we can position to at least 800, maybe more, for a maximum 0.2
degree error.  (Heh, we could specify positions in rads instead of
degrees and with two level microstepping have a precise position for
each of the 400 rads in a circle.)

A2.  Hold at full steps.

[TL; DR: We can use microstepping to start and stop, but not to hold a
position. After we have this box in customer's hands, we can explore
whether adding that will cost us anything on the vibration front.

Hold at full steps for now, in case holding at a microstep is less
steady.  Not sure it is, motor physics here:
http://homepage.divms.uiowa.edu/~jones/step/physics.html#halfstep
Microstepping vs. full stepping might change the holding torque, but I
think it depends on too many things that we don't know to determine
analytically.  Maybe you get a 10% or so (ranging from a couple
percent for big motors to 25% for small ones) higher holding torque at
a stopped full-step position.]
